welcome to the demo game of the second
screen University strain is a landline
support solution where evil must come
pleased to discover understand and
engage their customers in the airline
leave set up the sample stone only
individually game over 60 the purpose of
this demo in this demo we show you three
major features of lymphomas SD first in
real-time events say in the air time
stream mirror and critical activity
others this is a hot asian stash for
showing real-time events we attend
events are nothing but different that we
lease that occur on your website you use
these events to segregate your visitors
into different even labels as per their
activity and more notably where they are
in your purchase funnel you can also
customize these events based on your
products and this took place in this
video our demo store has six visitors
online statistician able shows you all
the best decisions along with the
different location of the decision and
other he is listed page table shows you
the pages being you along to the URL and
the guardian of the page search even
shows you list of all the searches made
on your website along the system I add
encarta new table shows you the products
being added and removed two cars along
with the product name and past checkout
table shows you visitors checking off
currently on your website along with the
total number of items and amount check
out error table shows you all the
visitors who are facing problems you in
check out statistician and visited page
are provided by default all the other
events are customized bias for the demo
store similarly you can add as many such
events as required to your dashboard to
get deepest possible insights into your
digital activity whenever there is
activity on the website by any visitor
these even tables are updated in real
time to the flick the latest certainly
you can see that as one of the system
searches for top it instantly appears in
the search table as he is browsing
through the website you can also see
that the district HD
is updated in real time according to
this activity
now let me talk about the screen with a
functionality this functionality helps
you view any of your customers II in
real time you can view all the mouse
movements mouse clicks page navigations
made by the distal on your website in
real time the part is in the brown
bomber is a Vista screen it shows
exactly what the visitor is viewing at
the third movement the red pointer is
the visitors mouse any click is shown as
a red circle around the corner page
navigations are also shown with a proper
spinner all the text type in text boxes
is also reflected an agent in fact every
interaction to visitor is shown to all
pages in real time visitors can also
initiate a transition with the agent
using the chat widget at the bottom of
the screen this functionality is highly
useful in situations when you need to
quickly understand your customers
problem and support them in real time
you see that one of our visitors has
removed an item from the bar so let's
start chat with him to understand if you
request any support in changing your
product
the next and more important feature is a
little activity others these are shown
in the agents when Peter events happen
in the visitor examples would be cart
abandonment checkout form errors payment
gateway issues repeated search with no
results etc you can come pick up these
Allison arm admin panel or using raba
for demo purpose we have configured
another for checkout error later than
five thousand dollars now let me make my
card value more than a thousand dollars
and proceed to checkout let me now do
anymore invalid login with empty
username and password you can see that a
proactive chat immediately address with
the visitor and simultaneously and alert
is shown with the agent informing him
about the check out ever now the visitor
and agent can engage in chat session to
resolve the issue
that's all for this demo hope you have
found a product exciting they come in
closed beta and you can use our product
for free sign up at second stream game
over comm thanks for watching